REQUIREMENTS
    Stunnix CXX-Obfus is a suite of Perl applications. It requires a working
    Perl interpreter version 5.8.x installed somewhere in your system. It
    can be downloaded for free e.g. from here:
    http://downloads.activestate.com/ActivePerl/Windows/5.8/

    No additional Perl modules are required for running Stunnix CXX-Obfus.

INSTALLATION STEPS
    Since Stunnix CXX-Obfus is a pure Perl application, it is as portable as
    Perl itself (i.e. it will run on most Unix OSes, Windows, and MacOS). It
    is distributed as a .tar.gz (gzip'ed tar archive) that should be
    extracted to any directory you like. On Windows platforms, tar.gz files
    can be extracted using trial version of WinZIP or RAR archiver from
    http://www.rarlabs.com

    For Windows users it's highly recommended to unpack Stunnix CXX-Obfus to
    the directory with name not containing any spaces.

    If you are not upgrading the previous version of the Stunnix CXX-Obfus,
    you have to invoke the setup.pl script from the lib/cxx-obfus/
    directory, like this.

        perl setup.pl

    On Windows platforms it's enough to open folder lib/cxx-obfus/ in
    Explorer and double-click on file setup.pl.

    That script will display the license, upon accepting it it will ask for
    registration code you've received when purchasing Stunnix CXX-Obfus ; it
    will write a special file with default configuration to
    lib/cxx-obfus/cxx-obfus-settings.pl that will be read by cxx-obfus on
    each invokation. On Windows platforms it will also create a folder
    Stunnix CXX-Obfus in the Programs folder of the Start menu. At the end
    of installation on Windows platforms, you will be presented with ability
    to immediately start Project Manager - an advanced User Interface for
    Stunnix CXX-Obfus.

    It's not recommended to run the setup.pl script if you are upgrading
    from the previous version of Stunnix CXX-Obfus, unless otherwise is
    stated in the release notes for new version of this product.

    After these steps Stunnix CXX-Obfus is ready for use.

    For users of Windows platforms: when upgrading from a version of Stunnix
    CXX-Obfus that didn't contain Project Manager, you have to open
    lib/cxx-obfus/utils/ folder in Explorer and execute setupwin32.pl by
    double-clicking on it in order to add folder for Stunnix CXX-Obfus to
    Programs menu.

    Stunnix Project Manager can be started at any moment on any platform by
    executing bin/startui.pl (Windows users may just use menu items in
    Programs menu or visit bin/ folder with Explorer and double-click on
    startui.pl).

NOTES
    In case you'll let the setup.pl script to overwrite
    lib/cxx-obfus/cxx-obfus-settings.pl during installation of new version
    of Stunnix CXX-Obfus, you'll have to ship all C++ code of software
    obfuscated entirely by the new version of CXX-Obfus to your customers
    once you need to distribute an update to them (instead of just sending
    the files corresponding to ones that were modified).

